Oh, my God! Mom, the party
is around the block.
I’ll be gone for two hours.
That is two hours
you could spend studying.
I have been studying
all weekend.
No friends, no phone.
Just me alone with books.
I feel like Alex.
You’re never alone
when you have books.
Really? Is that
what you want me
to turn into?
Sweetheart, listen to me.
This is the S.A.T.’s, okay?
It is not some
stupid science quiz.
Hey, if science quizzes
are so stupid,
why do you put mine up
on the refrigerator?
Because we feel sorry for you,
’cause books are your friends.
Yeah, she wasn’t studying
last night– she was
video chatting the whole time.
I knew it. I knew it.
Shut up!
You are such a tattle–
Girls, take it down a notch,
because I–
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
What’s the hot topic on
The View today, ladies?
Dad, can you
just please tell Mom...
that I can take
a two-hour break
and go to a party?
No, ma’am.
I’m not stepping into that one.
We’re not playing good cop/Mom.
[ Knocking ]
I got it.
Hello.
You call for a plumber?
- Uh, no, we did not.
- Oh, yes, we did. We did.
- [ Phil ] We did?
- Plumber, hi. Yeah.
Um, it’s at
the top of the stairs.
Really, Claire?
Didn’t I tell you
I’d fix the tub?
Yes, you did.
I think I was pregnant
with Luke at the time.
That is not fair.
I’ve done everything you’ve
asked me to do around here.
I fixed the step,
didn’t I?
Look how solid it is.
I’m like Shirley Temple
and that black guy.
Bill "Bojangles" Robinson.
Bill "Bojangles" Robinson!
I said it first.
So this is the problem.
Uh, faucet just keeps leaking.
Yeah, it’s
a cracked washer,
if I know my washers.
And it’s, uh,
been leaking
a little water.
Yeah,
could be a washer,
a cracked valve,
a stripped pipe.
Well, I guess I’m
not a professional
plumber,
but I have spent
a huge amount of time
in that tub.
I can tell you from experience,
or at least what it feels like
in there.
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
[ Mitchell ]
Oh, good. You’re back.
I need you to help settle a spat
between our blacksmith
and that chimney sweep.
Be nice. It took me 20 minutes
to find my opera cloak.
I still can’t believe you didn’t
have to rent any of that.
Oh, please.
Do you know how many times
this has paid for itself?
Has it?
Our friend Pepper loves
to throw theme parties.
Yes, he does. And this weekend
is his first annual
Oscar Wilde and Crazy brunch.
We’re still recovering from his
Studio 54th of July barbecue.
They were fun at first.
Uh–
But they have become
a lot of work.
You have to dress in costume.
You have to
assume a character.
I– I can’t believe
you ever dated him.
One date.
It was the ’90s.
We’d just lost Princess Di.
I was at sea.
[ Mouthing Words ]
Uh, Cam, can we just–
[ Sighs ]
Can we please cancel?
[ Sighs ] I wish we could,
but you know he’s still mad
at us for missing Passover.
Oh, right.
Seder Day Night Fever.
Just go get dressed
and powdered.
Oh. Pepper has done
the impossible–
He’s made two gay men
hate brunch.
It might be easier just to pour
the espresso right in the sugar.
[ Chuckling ]
Every morning.
Jay, what are you wearing?
You can’t go to church
like that.
Well, that settles it then.
I’m going golfing.
You’re gonna
miss church again?
Last Sunday, you said that
you had to go to the office.
The week before,
you had breakfast
with a friend.
And before that, you thought
you had a cold that turned out
not to be a cold.
Because I babied it.
You don’t have to
convince us.
You have to convince him.
Who, God?
- Me and God are good.
- How would you know?
Look, you feel God in church,
which is great.
I feel God out in nature,
amongst his works.
- Are you gonna go
to church next week?
- We’ll see.
I know what "we’ll see" means.
If you’re done with church,
just say it.
- I’m done with church.
- Don’t say that!
Look, I’m not
going to church anymore.
It’s not the end of the world.
Let’s not make a big deal out–
[ Rumbling ]
- Ah, ah–
- Earthquake!
¡Un terremoto!
¡Vamos, vamos, Manny!
[ Whimpers ]
¡Vamos, Jay!
Come on, Jay!
Girls!
[ Rumbling ]
Oh, God. Oh, God.
Okay.
This is–-
This is stuck.
[ Whimpering ]
Oh, we’re gonna die!
We’re gonna die!
We better not. If they find us
in these outfits, it’s gonna
be very bad for the gays.
Claire?
We’re okay.
[ Luke ]
Dad!
Luke.
Buddy. You okay?
That thing
almost fell on me.
I was sitting there,
and it came
this close to my head.
It’s all right.
You’re okay.
You didn’t get hurt.
Well, I’m not gonna
wait around here until I do.
[ Grunts ]
Okay!
Wow. That is a doozy.
[ Sirens, Distant ]
- Hey, are you guys okay?
- Yeah, we’re fine.
You?
We’re fine.
That was really–
[ Line Beeps ]
Oh, wait.
Hold on. Hello?
- Mitch, are you okay?
- We’re okay. We’re okay.
- And Phil and Claire?
- I’m on the other line with
them right now. One second.
Hello?
Oh, shoot. We lost Phil.
- We lost Phil?
[ Line Beeps ]
Hello?
Great. Now Gloria’s gone.
Gloria’s gone too?
Oh!
[ Phil ] Hey, Gloria.
¡Ay, Dios mío!
Phil, you’re alive!
Yeah. Of course I’m alive.
[ Grunts ]
For now.
For months,
Claire has been
after me and dogging me–
"Anchor the cabinet
to the wall.
What if we have an earthquake?
We’ve got kids in the house."
Blah, blah, blah. So–
It finally reached the point...
where I had no choice
but to just roll up my sleeves
and tell her I did it.
[ Grunts ]
Uh, Phil!
Dad, get up here.
On my way.
Seriously!
I just fixed that.
Really?
What’s wrong?
Mom’s stuck.
[ Clears Throat ]
You okay in there?
We’re fine.
The door is jammed.
Oh, okay. Uh–
Well, uh, let’s try
this together, okay?
[ Claire ] Okay.
Um, I’m gonna push–
you pull.
Okay.
On three.
One, two, three–
[ Claire Grunts ]
Nothing.
Oh, dang it.
Okay, here’s the thing.
I wasn’t pushing.
In fact, I was pulling a little.
It dawned on me
that as long as Claire
was stuck in the bathroom,
I’d have time to anchor
the cabinet to the wall.
It’s like they say,
sometimes when God
closes a door,
he closes it so hard
that your wife can’t get out.
So, don’t panic.
I’m gonna get you out. I’m just
gonna go get some tools.
Get a crowbar,
if you have one.
What is that supposed
to mean? Like I’m some dandy
who doesn’t have a crowbar?
Well, you did
just use the word "dandy."
"Dandy" is a term
coined by miners
in the 15th century.
Phil?
Just get us out of here.
Dad, how long is it gonna take
to get her out of there?
Long time.
[ Claire ]
Oh, honey, don’t worry.
Mommy is gonna be out soon.
Don’t panic.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
You’re not going to
that party, young lady.
No, I’m not going to the party.
I’m just going downstairs.
With your purse?
[ Sighs ]
Come on.
Just cover for me
this one time and I–
I’ll drive you
wherever you want.
I wanna go to
the Museum of Tolerance.
Fine.
How far is Tolerance?
I can hear the two of you
scheming out there.
Don’t you dare leave this house.
Oh, why do you
have to be such
a psycho control freak?
Okay. You know what?
Just for that,
you are grounded one week.
Oh, that’s good parenting.
Okay. Two weeks.
Wanna double it?
Keep talking!
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah!
Fine! Four weeks!
Four!
Double it again
and make it 10 weeks!
Oh, my God!
Do you not hear
how much you need to study?
Mitchell, come on.
We’re gonna be late.
Oh, I can’t believe
we have to do this.
Come on. After the earthquake,
it might be nice to be around
similarly dressed people.
That makes no–
The– The earthquake.
Okay. Okay. Yes.
Yes, this– Okay.
This is the perfect excuse.
- Why? We’re fine.
- Yeah, but Pepper
doesn’t know that.
You’ll just tell him
that we have some damage
we have to deal with.
- Why me?
- Because I’m the one
that always cancels.
- Do not hand me that.
I will not talk to him.
- Hello?
- I’m a bad liar.
Do not hand me that.
- He’s on. Pick up.
- You’re doing it. Do it.
- I think somebody’s talking.
Hello?
Hi, Pepper. Listen, hi.
Hey, it’s Cameron.
- How are you doing over there?
- Great.
Well, the earthquake–
Yeah, it was huge here.
So, obviously,
we’re not– we’re not
gonna be able to make it.
- Why not?
- Well, some dishes broke.
You can sweep them up later.
And, um–
Well, yeah, I guess–
I guess we could
sweep those up, um, later.
Our, uh–
Our– Our hat rack–
Our hat rack
fell through the window.
Hat rack?
Well– Yeah, we do
have a hat rack.
We thought it would force us
to wear our hats more.
And it did.
- [ Mouths Words ]
- And there’s water damage.
There’s water everywhere.
A bookshelf fell...
on Mitchell’s leg.
Mitchell’s hurt, Pepper.
Mitchell’s hurt real bad.
- I’m coming right over.
- No, you don’t need
to come over.
- I’m coming.
- Pepper, no!
[ Beeps ]
- He’s coming over.
- See? Kind of panicked.
[ Sighs ]
You did panic, Cam.
You panicked real bad.
You’re still going golfing?
God sent you a sign, Jay.
What, the earthquake?
You gotta be kidding me.
You say that you’re never going
to church again, and the ground
shakes with a vengeance.
I’ll prove it to you.
God, if you have
a problem with me golfing–
Shh.
send me a sign.
I mean, throw in
a little lightning.
Put on a show.
Don’t talk to God like that!
Now, trust me,
if God had a problem with me,
he would let me know
without shaking the whole city.
He would be
a little more specific.
I’m not gonna argue with you.
I don’t wanna get upset.
Vámonos, Manny.
- I think I’m gonna
skip it today.
- What?
I like what Jay said
about God being in nature.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Don’t listen to him.
His days are numbered!
Think about it, Mom.
It makes sense.
God made the trees
and the grass.
He didn’t make that church.
But he made the people
that makes the church,
and you’re making me angry!
- Vámonos.
- Just one week.
Can I go golfing with you?
I’m probably gonna have a Latino
kid carry my clubs anyway.
Might as well be you.
Fine. See what I care.
Go.
Manny, go change.
Sorry, Mom.
Hope you understand.
- Mmm.
- Probably good for us to
spend a little time together.
You’re gonna spend
eternity together!
Damn it!
I suppose that was God too.
I don’t know who did it,
but it makes me happy.
Ah!
[ Tool Whirring ]
- What are you doing?
- Hey, buddy.
Oh, just double-checking
these straps.
This is an extra.
These babies saved your life.
That’s why this cabinet
barely moved.
It fell all the way
to the couch.
Mm-mmm.
- It almost killed me.
- No, it didn’t.
This cabinet barely moved.
That’s just perspective
playing tricks on your mind.
Like, if I hold up my thumb,
it looks bigger than your head.
- No, it doesn’t. It looks tiny.
- You have to look at it
from over here.
How can I look at my head
from over there?
[ Claire ]
Phil?
Why don’t you just lie down.
I gotta make sure
your mom’s still stuck.
So she– I can get her out.
Don’t fall asleep.
Sorry I took–
You filthy–
Sorry I took so long.
I’m gonna go ahead and just
take off the doorknob, okay?
- Okay.
- Here we go.
[ Whirring ]
Oh, it’s– Oh, damn.
[ Claire ] What? What happened?
I, uh, brought
the wrong screwdriver.
- So I’ll be right back.
- All right. But hurry up, Phil.
Doing my best, Claire.
Oh, don’t talk back, Dad.
She’ll just ground you!
That’s 32 weeks,
young lady!
I was at 16 before, right?
What?
Nothin’.
Don’t judge me until
you’ve had a teenage girl.
I’ve had four of ’em.
God.
How did you survive that?
Girls were a piece of cake.
It was the boy.
Every look on his face,
every stupid decision
he made–
Mmm.
the way he sat there
chewing his food
like an idiot.
Then it hit me why
this kid drove me so crazy–
He’s me.
Well, all the more reason
she should listen to me.
I can stop her from
making the same mistakes.
Did you listen
to your mother?
No. God, no.
But, you know,
I had a reason. That woman
was a psycho control... freak.
[ Luke ]
Hey, Mom,
I brought you some soda.
I couldn’t find any straws,
so you’ll have to
drink it like cats.
Oh, thank you, Luke.
That’s my sweetie.
I was going to bring you wine,
but you finished the big bottle
last night.
Okay. Off you go.
Hold this,
will you, kid?
You know,
Mitchell used to
caddie for me.
Of course,
he spent most of his time
chasing butterflies.
You won’t catch me
doing that.
Good for you.
I’m terrified of them.
Huh.
Look at that.
That’s a perfect shot.
And I hit that with a bent club.
So you’re not worried
about getting in trouble?
You know, with God?
Oh, I think he’s got
bigger things on his plate.
So you’re not
worried about hell?
Let me let you in
on a little secret, kid.
There is no hell.
Seriously? No hell?
That’s fantastic.
- So everyone
just goes to heaven?
- Yep. End of story.
Even bad people?
Yeah, they’re– they’re–
They’re in another section.
See, they got
this thing figured out.
Can I hit this?
Damn it.
You distracted me.
I didn’t say anything.
I could hear you thinking.
I’m thinking about
this heaven of yours
that’s full of bad people.
Not full.
The tiniest fraction.
They’re walled in.
What if they break out?
They’re surrounded
by a lake of fire.
There are fiery lakes
in heaven?
This is turning into hell.
Tell me about it.
What are you doing?
Well, you promised Pepper
broken dishes, so...
I’m breaking dishes.
No, not my frog.
I know you think it’s tacky,
but I happen to have won this
at my first 4-H summer camp
in a hollerin’ contest.
Well, we wouldn’t
have to break anything
if you were a better liar.
If you’re trying to make me
feel bad about not being
as good a liar as you–
- What are you doing?
- A hat rack fell through
the window. Remember?
One, two, three–
[ Glass Shatters ]
Mitchell, wait.
I-I– I can’t do this.
I quit.
You might be comfortable
with all this lying,
but I’m not.
Oh, please.
Where was all this conscience...
when I got us
into the first-class lounge
at the airport...
and you chewed
Angela Lansbury’s ear off?
You know what you are?
You’re like a mob wife.
You look down at me and my ways,
but you’re happy to wear
the mink coat that fell off
the back of the truck.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
How dare you.
[ Softly ]
Okay.
- [ Gasps ]
- I know. I know.
It really hit us bad.
No. I’m just always surprised
how small this place is.
Pepper, you didn’t
have to leave your party
to come check on us.
Great costume,
by the way.
This isn’t my costume.
I just threw this on
to help you clean up.
[ Mutters ]
Well, about your party–
Oh, don’t worry about canceling.
At least you have an excuse,
unlike Steven and Stefan.
They said they had the flu.
Meantime, I just saw them out
riding their bicycle.
Oh, Pepper,
that is horrible.
I-I’m gonna
make you a cocktail.
Oh, honey,
don’t go to any trouble.
I’ll just have a Kir Royale.
I mean, my God.
If they didn’t want to come
to my party, just say it.
I’m a big boy.
I can take it.
Well, since you
brought it up, Pepper,
we didn’t want to come
to your party either.
- What?
- Oh, you know we love you.
But they’ve just gotten to be
so much work over the years,
and– [ Sighs ]
We’re all out of cassis.
- I can’t bear it.
- I will make you a Bellini.
[ Wheezes ]
Everybody canceled on me.
And now you two.
For 15 years,
I have killed myself
setting a community standard...
with my fanciful
themed brunches,
mounted at great
personal expense.
Well,
clearly I’ve been a fool.
No one likes
your brunches, Pepper.
No one likes you.
You’re gonna die alone...
in a quaint Spanish revival
outside of Palm Springs.
Or La Quinta.
[ Sobbing ]
I told him.
Yeah.
Yeah,
I puzzled that out.
[ Sobbing Continues ]
I just don’t understand
this bad section of heaven.
What if they send you
to the wrong place?
They make mistakes
with paperwork sometimes.
I was put in a girl’s
health class last year...
and had to watch
a very disturbing movie.
Calm down.
Instead of thinking all morning
about what heaven’s
gonna look like,
what it’s not
who’s where,
if there even
is a heaven,
why don’t we just concentrate
on this beautiful, carefree day
that’s in front of us?
I’d rather concentrate
on something you just said.
There might not
even be a heaven?
I don’t know.
You seemed pretty sure
of yourself this morning.
So what happens after you die?
There’s just nothing?
Look. You’re focusing too much
on one little thing that I said.
It was just a hunch, okay?
A hunch?
I’m skipping church
based on a hunch?
[ Wheezes ]
All right, all right.
Don’t freak out on me, kid.
[ Hyperventilating ]
You’re playing pretty fast
and loose with my soul.
Listen. I want you to forget
everything that I said, okay?
Some things
can’t be forgotten, Jay.
Do you know
what menstruation is?
Because I do.
Perfect.
Hey–
What-What are you doing?
Aren’t you supposed to be
getting Mom out of the bathroom?
That is what I was doing.
This ca– This cabinet
was the problem.
- How?
- Yeah, it’s very heavy.
And because it was
properly anchored to the wall,
it was sort of a ripple effect.
It was pulling
part of the floor down...
and then pushing
part of the floor up,
causing the bathroom door–
Please don’t tell on me.
[ Sobbing ]
I don’t know who I am anymore.
Who am I?
I’m a joke, that’s who.
No.
You’re not a joke.
You’re Pepper Saltzman.
I think I’d better just go.
If anything terrible
should happen,
don’t feel an obligation
to attend my memorial,
New York or L.A.
Pepper. Pepper,
you– you didn’t
let me finish.
The reason we didn’t want
to come to your party is–
Mitchell–
Seriously?
Who’s a mob wife?
I’m a mob wife.
I’m sorry.
I couldn’t hear you.
I’m a mob wife.
[ Mouths Words ]
- Okay, um, Pepper, this is
a little embarrassing.
- I don’t even want to hear it.
Cameron still
has feelings for you.
- Go on.
- Yeah, and it’s just–
it’s very hard for him...
to be around you,
especially at
your magical brunches,
where you’re just–
you’re– you’re so magnetic.
And then I see the way
that he looks at you,
and–
Damn it, Pep–
It just makes me so mad
that I could just–
- Oh!
- Really?
Oh, you don’t know
the pain, Cam.
Oh, boys–
Boys, I can’t stand
that I’m coming between you.
Not that I’m surprised.
[ Sighs ]
I admit I have noticed
the stolen glances and
the yearning in your eyes.
Okay. Well, you’ll–
you’ll forgive us, Pepper,
if we sit out
your next few brunches?
Absolutely.
[ Sighs ]
I would hate to lose you two.
I’ve always thought of you as
being like my–
Sons?
I was gonna say brothers.
[ Scoffs ]
[ Crying ]
It’s like a house of pain.
[ Sobbing ]
All right, Claire.
You ready?
Okay, ready?
I’m ready. Okay, go.
All right,
I’m going.
All right. Go!
Okay, go.
Go! Go!
Oh, got it! Got it!
Oh!
It’s moving! It did!
All right. All right.
We got it.
Thank God. Oh, thank God.
Thank God. Thank God.
Go.
Phil? Phil?
Honey–
Phil, where are you? Phil–
Are you kidding me?
Not the–
Phil!
Hey.
What happened to you?
You disappeared
for 20 minutes.
We just had to break ourselves
out of that bathroom.
I am so happy to see you.
Get in here.
Oh, no. No, no. Seriously.
What happened?
Dad was incredible.
He was running around here,
turning off the gas line,
cleaning up broken glass
and taking care of Luke
after he ran into a wall.
I got scared because
the cabinet didn’t fall down.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Um–
[ Groans ]
I’m sorry.
Well, don’t worry about it.
Um, I’m sorry.
Don’t.
[ Chuckling ]
I was so nervous. I freaked out.
It’s all right.
I think it was a little bit
of a rough morning.
Yes.
Wasn’t it?
Yes, it was.
I don’t know about you guys,
but I just wanna relax
and put my feet up.
[ Alex Clears Throat ]
At the Museum of Tolerance.
Who’s in?
I am!
You are.
Okay. Let’s do it.
[ Jay ]
There’s nothing mystical
about an earthquake.
Pressure builds,
and it’s released.
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
And you just hope
there’s not too much damage.
But it makes you
realize what matters.
And for me, that’s my family.
- I’ll put in
a good word for you.
- You’re the best, kid.
My family and golf.
[ Laughs ]
Well, if heaven’s in the sky,
what do you walk on?
Manny, don’t be ridiculous.
The clouds.
That makes no sense.
Clouds are air.
You’d fall right through them.
The clouds in heaven–
they’re like trampolines.
I don’t like trampolines.
They make me seasick.
Manny, stop worrying.
Heaven is a beautiful place...
with sunshine and rainbows
and butterflies.
- Butterflies?
- Ay. No, no, no, no, no.
Ah! I didn’t say butterflies!
[ Crying ]
Manny, there’s no butterflies!